{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green255\blue79;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 I utilize a late 15\'94 2013 Macbook Pro Retina,( \cb2 MacBookPro11,2 if anyone\'92s that interested)\cb1 . I run Yosemite 10.10.3 and VirtualBox to spin up *nix or Win* images when the need arises. I love a terminal-centric workflow, because it forces me to be closer to my work, and that keeps me interested. I\'92ve recently discovered Vim. Fuck yes, Vim. Here\'92s a few screenshots of my current RoR dev-flow. My main text editor is Vim, with these plugins. For RoR, I use guard, mini-test, spring, rspec to develop in the test-first fashion. I also dabble in wordpress dev so I\'92ve got a few different plugins for vim that are more specific to PHP and WP.  I use a vagrant box for each new project, so that it\'92s easy to keep my environment the same across the development cycle. Exact stack is usually correlated directly to the project, but mostly a linux box with the basics, and I make sure to copy in my .vimrc/.bashrc files. Git\'92s a given. Everything gets pushed to bitbucket, then heroku for testing, then to github (depending on the project), and finally I\'92ll spin up a linode server for production if all the tests are passing and we\'92re ready to launch. I have a main server set up for my personal blog, which also hosts my development blog and professional website. I have another linode server set up for secure access to client information via pancake. I use pivotal tracker to keep track of the nuts and bolts of the important projects or to get down to business on new personal projects. I\'92ll use xMind to mind map, iCal + google Cal to plan and stay on top. As I grow, I\'92ll learn and change more but I\'92m very happy, even though I\'92m still not at a \'93perfect, custom, one-app-solution\'94 yet. Oh well. Here\'92s to good looks.\
}